 'Miguel could not even hear himself think. ', 'Lets Go Bucs. Lets Go Bucs. Lets Go Bucs.', 'The crowd roared as the umpire signaled for the second strike of the count. It was the top of the ninth, the last inning, or Miguel hoped it would be. Do or die for the visiting New York Yankees. The Pirates miraculously clung to a 1-0 lead for eight and half innings and the Yankees were down to their final three batters. Strike three, batters out! the umpire roared. Cheers throughout the sold-out stadium sent tremors through the ground. Miguel clutched his mop nervously, for the Pirates had just gotten the ninth, and the weakest, batter out for the Yankees. The top two, and most dangerous, hitters were coming up. But Miguel knew the Pirates pitcher could handle any adversary. ', 'El Martillo', ', they called him. The hammer. The grizzled veteran from Mexico earned this name because he was the closer, the relief pitcher sent in to preserve a lead and end the game in the ninth. And El Martillo did just that. He was the hammer that nailed the coffin for the opposing team. When El Martillo was called in from the bullpen, his walk-up song was Icky Thump. The song from the White Stripes was perfect for the Latino ballplayer. As he warmed up, the same lyrics were played every time, White Americans, what? Nothing better to do? / Why dont you kick yourself out? Youre an immigrant too? It always fired up the crowd. Even the white Americans. As El Martillofaced the next batter, Miguel looked at the pitchers mound and saw that El Martellos foot had churned it up as he pitched each time. While the ballpark grounds crew often dragged the mound to keep it smooth as a stone, Miguel found something familiar with the roughness of it now. It reminded him of a mound in a neighborhood in Mexico, not far from his house.''', 'Miguelito', ', dont let your foot fly out like that, Miguels father said. Sorry, papa, Miguel replied. Miguel walked back to the mound. Not the pristine mound surrounded by precision-cut grass in PNC Park, but a rough, dirt mound in Mexico. ', 'De nuevo', '. Again. Yes, papa. Miguel was twelve and his father, although rather rough himself, saw greatness in his son. Miguel was known in his neighborhood to be the best pitcher. His signature high leg kick and long and snappy arm motion was feared among local batters. However, his curveball was the killer. At twelve years old, many boys had never had a curveball thrown at them and coupled with an above-average fastball it was unhittable. All of the parents and coaches whispered about Miguel with reverence. He is going to the ', 'Grandes Ligas', ', they said. The Big Leagues. The American Leagues. And even Miguel thought he had a chance. That was before his killer curveball blew out his elbow and he was sidelined for a year. Miguels family was poor and he did not receive the right rehab his arm needed. When he was cleared by his father to throw again, his arm simply wasnt the same. Since baseball was out of the question, Miguel quit playing after high school and got a job. His family was one of the lucky few that immigrated to the United States legally, and he found himself in Pittsburgh. As he had a high school education there were some better paying jobs available, but Miguel could not pass up the opportunity to work in a Major League baseball park. Even though that work entailed cleaning the public urinals. Miguel was suddenly snapped back to reality after another cheer erupted from the sold-out stadium.''The Yankees were down to their last batter. El Martillo, standing stout at six feet four inches tall, betrayed no emotion. He was well into the latter part of his baseball career, yet his first fastball blew right past the batter. ', 'Strike one', '. Miguel was ecstatic inside, yet he, too, did not show it on his face. He was looking into the eyes of El Martillo, as if he had a staring contest with the Pirates closer. Even though Pittsburgh was not his hometown, he fell in love with the city when he first came and has since adopted it as his own. Affectionate fans that who have known Miguel during his long career in PNC Park call him Miggy, like the Detroit slugger Miguel Cabrera. The next pitch. The Yankee made contact with a high curveball and sent a sharp line drive down the left field line. Foul ball, barely. The fans took a collective sigh and then rejoiced. El Martillo was neither mad nor happy. Miguel thought that El Martillo took the last pitch as it was, a strike. And El Martillos sole focus in life in that moment was the next pitch. All seemed silent; no one wanted to disturb the quiet yet tense atmosphere that descended over the ballpark when El Martillo threwthe next pitch. After the game, sports networks showed slow-motion videos of the pitch, the last pitch of season and the best one, they were calling it, but Miguel didnt need that, he ', 'saw', ' it. Every bit of it, as soon as it left El Martillos hand to when the bat swung all too late and missed to when it make the sweet satisfying sound when a ball hits the glove of the catcher perfectly. ''There were cheers and celebrations and riots. It was Pittsburghs first World Series win since 1979. Years of losses, dashed hopes, promising playoff runs, it had all culminated in the perfect throw by El Martillo. What was Miguel doing that glorious night after the game? Looking upon the field from the nosebleed section of the ballpark. There had been so much trash to clean up that management gave the janitors a night off and told them they could clean it up at a later time. But Miguel decided to stay. He didnt care that he was picking up the trash of some fan or cleaning up a toilet in the mens bathroom, as long as he could make the moment last. It was nearing two oclock; and Miguel was the last soul in the ballpark. Most would say a sad scene, for a foul smell had followed the trash being piled up in the corners of the stadium. All of the stores and restaurants were shuttered. Miguel was wrapping his work up when he saw it. The mound. For some reason, it had yet to be covered by the grounds crew. It was not the pristine mound of a major league stadium Miguel saw; it was his mound, the rough dirt one in Mexico. Something drew him to it. There was a ball sitting in the Pirates dugout. Miguel dropped his mop and picked up the ball. He made his way confidently across the now torn-up foul line and on to his mound. There he faced home plate, went into his windup with his signature high leg kick and his snappy arm motion and delivered the real last pitch of the season.' 'He moved every piece of the 23-piece  drum kit in by himself. His friends just watched, they werent allowed to  touch. I saw this through the tiny peephole. I thought itd be a problem, but  all I ever heard was the occasional cymbal crash, even when I pressed my ear up  to the paper-thin wall. ''I did finally go to a party next door,  found out the cymbal was to accentuate the conversations. ', 'What up?', ' crash Hed even hear the whispers in corners: ', 'Hes all grown up now, fronts his own band,  Id love to see more of his front.', ' crash The real problem was the bingo  ball cage he always had on his lap. He turned the handle and pulled out a  numbered ball before speaking, then answered in that many words. I heard that  rattling all the time, but never what he said. I did know that his every  punchline fell flat because he wouldnt let anyone touch the drum sticks  either, no cymbal crashes for his jokes.''He was a funny guy. At the party he hit  on me, adapting every typical line to the allotted words. The real wit was in  deletion, how he got the point across: ', 'Have  a mirror? I see myself in pants.', ' And it was a good kind of waiting in  between come-ons, waiting for the next number pulled. I tried to use his number  of words too. ', 'Rock star? Do you have  mirrors on ceilings?', ' I hated when he pulled a 1. You couldnt say all you  meant, or mean all you said in a single word. ', 'Fish. Christmas. Butterfly.', ' And there were so many words I thought  were just one, but were really two: light bulb, punch line. Hyphens were hard  to think of in split-seconds. Besides how would they count? Is one word merged  with another really only one? ''Sometimes when Id listen to music too  loud, hed knock on the wall, different numbers of knocks each time, as careful  with his gestures and actions as he was with words. Id get up and dance when  he knocked, swing my hips back and forth as many times as his knuckles banged.''I only did that once. I danced with the  wall: stuck my thumb in the waistband of my jeans and sauntered up to the  plaster, hooked one arm as if I was grabbing his ass, and instead of pulling  him closer, I slammed my body against the wall. That one slam was met with  three knocks and words I could finally hear: ', 'I dont exist.''He doesnt exist as Ive explained. But  saying that hasnt helped me decide what to do with contractions. One loses  something in that merging.''The knowing glances from his friends on  move-in day were because at least one woman in every apartment building falls  for him. Im the one with the cage. 14: ', 'His  face, his face, lips full like tulle on my prom-dress ten years ago.''What', ', you ask.''8: ', 'Yes,  I fell in love at first sight.', ' There was a party. He did play drums, but I  was just another groupie. He thought my balls were hip, some crazy purse, not  my lifeline, ', 'blood-jet', '. Lyrics always  fade before their time. Stumbles, and ums, and stutters count. Ive lost the  ends of many sentences like that.' "When I want to be listened to, I knock something onto the floor. They put us three to a room, three beds, and I'm furthest in, near the window, though there's only fifty yards of field outside, tall grasses the mowers never cut, and then the woods. Philip, on the other end near the door, sleeps so far from waking I wonder if it's a new kind of death. They always come up with new ones. I've knocked so many things onto the floor, they've put everything out of reach. Considered throwing myself onto the floor, but I'd probably break into pieces like a windowpane. I don't have the strength to do it, anyway. Being near the window is a curse. Drew is in the middle bed, and he sleepwalks, doesn't mean to, gets embarrassed by it every time, but he's smart when he's unconscious: somehow he always knows which direction to walk to go out the door. He doesn't talk much. I learned in the war, and again after the war, that men can't really talk to one another unless they've had the same experiences.""Every spring the day before the baseball season started, my mother would put on her coat, walk to Derry's store a block down and three blocks over, and come back with a new unlined notebook, spiral-bound, and a pencil she'd bought and asked to have sharpened. Derry would do that only for friends, he was a very stingy man. The same notebook would be used all season as she listened to baseball on the radio in the evenings and wrote down the plays, dots and lines and boxes and shaded triangles in a code only she could understand. I'd like to be folded into a notebook and used in that way, marked on my skin in a strange tongue, prized. She didn't talk as she did it, just made the lines and shapes and filled them in.""Marissa talked about everything, mostly things she didn't know or hadn't seen, but it wasn't her fault. I don't think of my wife all that much in here. At first I felt guilty about it, but the pull of the past, the early past, is so strong with me, I forget my guilt, and then forget my wife. Estella was this girl I played with in the neighborhood growing up. I couldn't have been more than five or six when I stole a kiss from her. She cried and cried but I'm sure she was fine, grew up, married, had kids, a full life and never thought twice about me. I never thought about her until I ended up here.""I think about the games that we played, kids' games, made up from bits of rocks and sticks and whatever was at hand. Marbles, glassies of course. Jacks. Estella threw sand in my face once. I stumbled home in tears. Little kids make you cry. My sons doesn't visit me, but most of the time I forget about them too. I think about Mark, who lived across from us in the cheap apartments stacked with GIs after the war. He wasn't a soldier but he was married, and we would show up at each other's door hangdog, having angered our young wives who had expected so much more from us, from being married, and because there was no place to go, we'd walk through the streets to the fields on the edge of town and back, never saying much, but understanding one another. Mark was younger than me and that's why he wasn't drafted. My son before I had my sons. I think of Mark now more than I think of my own sons. Everything in my head I think about these days is the thing before something else, before the thing which should be more important, but isn't somehow. Is this old age? My skin is like paper and feels ageless, feels newly processed and blank, waiting.""We moved away and at first Mark and I wrote letters, but there was never much to say, and then it became cards, for holidays with a greeting and maybe two lines about life inside. As our families grew the cards ended, and I think he lives in Indiana somewhere. But who he is now doesn't interest me. Should I feel guilty about that? I should be too old to have regrets. Estella too, may be dead somewhere, but that doesn't matter. My children have busy lives, but they don't matter.""I lie here in this bed and forget my own body, forget my literal matter. I am a restless mind, rehearsing the past as if I were about to get on stage and perform it. Being near the window is a curse. No one ever walks in the tall grass, and no one emerges from the woods. But I go there. I leave this bed like Drew in the middle of the night, but no one knows. I spill myself onto the floor and smash the window and cover for it by knocking down something else, a vase or a picture frame. They keep everything away from me but every few days something, new flowers or a trinket I don't recognize, appears by the bed. So I escape, and the night is cold and I always forget to bring my coat, but I run, crouching low, keeping alert, zigzagging through no man's land until I reach the tall grass. Then I crawl, hands and knees, carefully so I don't crush too much of it and provide them with a clear trail to find me. I get to the first copse, at the edge of the woods, stop and listen. The wind itself doesn't pursue me.""Alone with the birds and frogs, safe under the dim trees, I dance. Haven't danced since I was a very young boy, but I dance. I'm amazed I even have the strength to do it, but I do. The escape and cold night air invigorates me. And I play, a game devised from my own head, with rocks and sticks. When I rest, I spread this good earth on my paper skin, write secret signs with it, and lay down at the foot of an oak. I will die there, and feed acorns for years yet. No words are needed to die, and I have used none. No one listens when I speak, because no one is here, and because I do not speak, but there is understanding. There must be understanding." 'title and some lines taken from Louise Gluck\'s "Early Darkness"''Its  almost spring and we move through the static, chilly air like ghosts trying to  claim a place of rest. He leads me up the hill on a dirt path stomped through  sagebrush, past land no longer tilled or harvested. I follow until we find it. ''He  kicks the door open and we enter into darkness; our steps crush rat excrement  into the carpet as we explore the abandoned home and try to see what used to  be. A toy-less playroom with cartoonish animals dancing on the walls, a  kitchen, once the heart of the home now stripped of its utility, left like a  burden. It smells wild. The deepest rooms are overtaken by a thick blackness,  the kind of dark that makes you forget you have a body as if you were sitting  at the bottom of the ocean or standing before a god. ''We  hold hands so as to not get lost. His touch is still newa threat to my  independence, the detachment I struggle to achievebut a welcome anxiety of  what could be.''Me  and some friends used to hike up here to drink but it wasnt always boarded up  like this. There used to be light, he says. ''Adolescent  rage sprayed from cans is spelled out in four letter wordsfuck, shit, loveall  across the canvas of what may have been a dining room. We touch the walls for  guidance and read the house like braille and I ask him how long its been  vacant and he says at least 40 years. We shut the door tight and prop the board  back over it. We dont want the darkness to get out. ''When we make our exit  through the front yard still adorned with tinkering wind chimes and unattended flowerbeds,  I wonder who used to fill these empty spaces. Why did they leave it all behind  to the torments of rodents and teenagers? Maybe they knew what it would become  if they left it alone: an Early Darkness, a vacuum untouched by the seed of  acknowledgment, a true primal world where nothing exists at all because  everything exists at oncethe filthy and domestic, the arcane past and the  tangible present, the promising and the damneduntil movement happens. This  house was a barren womb until we handled it with our eyes and fingers, till we  smelled its rotting carpets, and heard its aching floor. Maybe this is how the  universe is created, in little bits, not a big bang, but lots of little bangs,  little declarative acts. Like touching  new skin, or being loud drunks in the hills, or reading words written by  strangers to breathe them into a new existencefuck, shit, love. Bang, bang,  bang.' "Papa: beat big sister's legs with one of the long vacuum tubes and then dragged her by the hair. She cowered. This is what we think we remember. It happened in a matter of minutes  two, maybe three.""Mama and Papa: married on leap year. Papa says they eloped. He says they didn't know that it was leap year. Each time he tells this story, we  his children   don't really believe. This same time every year he remembers. She carried a rag doll and wore a yellow dress when he came to take her away from a home that she wanted so desperately to forget."'Regret: Not knowing is not the same, as not remembering.''Even if someone had taken photos, no one would have believed that this man could have done such a thing. He appears ordinary and sweet.'"Who would attribute such cruelty to this man who walks around the house in bare feet? Whose hands used to caress the dog's belly before stirring the homemade soup for his family?"'One imagines a child beater as one with a permanent scowl or steel-toed boots on his feet.'"Papa: doesn't remember exactly what kind of doll Mama held as they held each other in the spare room in the house of his navy mate, or what material the yellow dress was made of or if it was plain or decorated with checkers or flowers, or clasped closed or zipped. He does remember that both the doll and Mama were soft and sweet."'Regret: Maybe at the same time that he raised the tube, he remembered the splatter of hot oil on the skin of his arms and forehead, the oil left unattended in the frying pan, or the time when his mother made him kneel on salt on the floor while holding several books in both hands. Whenever he tells this story, he makes sure to admit what a naughty little boy he had been.'"When he was just a little boy in the Philippines, he sang little tunes for the American soldier who handed him a candy bar. He didn't have a secret hiding place like other little boys. His cousin, the one with the mean streak, kept him safe from bullies and Japanese soldiers and their cruelty."'He says that keeping pets is really a form of cruelty. Animals were meant to run wild and free.'"Papa: says he never wielded the tube as an instrument of punishment that day. He says he can't remember  no he could never  do such a thing. ""Regret: Even if you showed him photos, bruises don't come easily."'His mean-streaked cousin, older than him by only four years, lived into his 40s and not surprisingly, drank consistently.''At the time of the alleged beating, Polaroid cameras were in fashion. But they were used (ordinarily) to record happy things  holiday celebrations, birthdays and costume parties.'"A monkey that belonged to an army officer bit him in the leg when he was seven. He didn't kill it or beat it over the head because he was still a little boy and the monkey wasn't his pet.""He used to call big sister, when she was small, Little Princess, instead of by her real name. He's surprised we remember that."'He used to call the occupying soldiers "those mean Japs  each one of them  mean and cruel, through and through."'"Papa: as a little boy, witnessed a Japanese soldier blow off the top of a woman's head. Blow a man's guts out so that his little son tried for the longest time to hold them in.""Now that he's an old man, Papa, a navy vet, has forgiven them. He doesn't call them names. He doesn't speak much about World War II  or any other war for that matter  but of more ordinary, mundane things.""Regret: Most often he hides away in his office that is also his bedroom  the one with the doorknob that doesn't have a lock. He keeps the door shut, even though he lives alone, by inserting a little piece of cardboard between the door and the frame. It's not so easily opened." "We'll go Downtown to kill some time.""Mama will guide me past the guards and plant herself in front of her favorite slot. It's the one in the unlit corner between the elevators and a row of snack machines.""After a while, she'll shoo me away. ""I'll study the candies, chips, and frosted buns behind the smudged glass--waiting, waiting, waiting."'Time crawling by. '"Soon she'll lose herself in bells, bars, and clusters of cherries--pushing life and soul into the hole."'She\'ll say, "It\'ll pay out if you just give it time."'"And I'll turn to my new friend as he steps away from Mama's notice. After a moment he'll offer me beer-laced kisses and little else but the darkness and cold of his run-down truck."'"Come on. Just for a little while." '"I'll hesitate, not wanting to admit I know what's on his mind. Several seconds will pass as I stare at Mama's back, willing her to stop playing and turn around. But she'll never look up. "'For me, Mama never has even a second.''After a long pause he\'ll give an uneasy cough. "Ah, come on," he\'ll whisper. And then he\'ll give my back what to him will seem a reassuring rub. ''"Yes," I\'ll finally say to his over-eager face. "Only for a minute or two."  And he grabs my hand and leads me away, relaxed.'"Because, we're just killing time." 'How  would you like to watch a movie by Walt Disney?''I was really tired of reading and reading about Renaissance literature. Somehow Abraham Fraunce had become my man to report on in class.(And yes, I spelled  it right; you, along with most of the world, never heard of him.) Walt Disney  might be just what I needed.''We are  members of the Church of Latter-Day Saints and would like to come to your home  and show you a Walt Disney film and make a presentation.''Hmmmmm,', ' I thought, and an idea came to  me as good as Abraham Fraunces in latching on to Sir Phillip Sidney.''Absolutely, I said.''Will  you give us your name and address?''You  bet.''I opened  my address book and quickly looked up my friend, Lawrence (dont call me Larry)  Jackson.''Im  Lawrence  you can call me Larry  Jackson. I live at 221 High Street.Through the red door to the right of the drug store, up the steps.Im on the left, just above the drug store.''What  time would you like us to come?''I thought of Lawrences Teaching Assistant schedule.Easy since it was the opposite of our translating Old English and drinking schedule.''How  about Wednesday, about 4:30?''Perfect, the Walt voice said warmly.''Ill say, I added enthusiastically.Lawrence just hated religion, and I was just  loving the possibilities.Next to  Abraham Fraunce, this could be Disney World.''Lawrence  was a real Appalachian character.The genuine article for West Virginia.Born  and bred there, knew or experienced the history all the way from Stonewall Jackson (knew of and was a distant relative) to how to make red eye gravy (experienced   Im trying to make this as clear and fair as possible; Lawrence said I was too unclear and one-sided in explaining how Fraunce and the rest of the Ramist rhetoricians destroyed rhetoric by placing too much emphasis on style). Lawrence also had one of those great classical educations (I think, actually, from a one-room school house) like Senator Robert Byrd: great reader, pretty good bluegrass and blues guitarist, who also thought of me, up to now, as his best friend.''We were fellow graduate students in the Masters in Literature program at Morgantown, about the same time the legendary Jerry West was tearing up the WVU and Eastern  conference university basketball courts.''I could  barely contain myself on Tuesday when we did our Beowulf translation, drinking our prosaic version of Viking Mead: Old Milwaukee Beer, and having a laughing fit  over wring prowed gigi.Almost put me in a good enough mood to tell him. I  came closest to cracking again when our bartender, Sleepy, served a free one  that was one too many, but I kept Walt and the boys in the vault.One thing: Im patient  Im still waiting for  my proposed Ramist/Fraunce rhetoric monograph to get accepted.''Wednesday  came around, and about 4:00 I was getting a little antsy. And starting to think that, fun as it would  be to hear about, I would miss too much, sort of like reading about the  football game rather than being there. (Incidentally, I was there in one of the  highest scoring games in the history of college football between Pitt and WVU   scoring was so high, the ', 'Pittsburgh Press', ' thought their stringer in Morgantown was drunk  which I know he was, but thats another story for another time  and his reported score was accurate.) Anyway, I didnt want to be totally dependent on Lawrence, who might not be in the mood to tell the story very well  certainly in any detail.''So about  4:05 I cracked and called him. Lawrence didnt laugh like I hoped he would.Just  gave me that deep Appalachian polite, but ominous, voice.''You  better get over here with some beer. A lot of beer, cold, right away.''I got  moving, and 15 minutes later I was at his door with two six-packs of 16-ouncers.The Mormons were a little late,  so we had time to do a little prep work  about three each.''Maybe  we shouldnt drink, I said. I was  starting to feel a little like a responsible host.''Why  not? Lawrence shot back.''Might  be sort of sacrilegious.''What  the hell do you know about their sacraments?  Jesus drank, didnt he?''Our old-time  Jesus, but maybe not the latter-day Jesus.''Do you  know any of this stuff or are you just making it up, Ed? (Thats me, Ed, just to  be clear.)''Well, I  havent read much.''Just like you, Ed  no point in sullying the resources by consulting them, like your  rhetoric paper.''That  stung. He was a little pissed.''I was  saved by the door knock. ''The  movie was actually pretty good. A little heavy on how wonderful Mormons are,  but what could you expect? The boys were  very polite in their semi-IBM outfits (black pants and tie  no jacket).They heavily emphasized the community aspects  of the religion and famous Mormons  like Deacon Vernon Law, who pitched pretty  miraculously for the Pittsburgh Pirates back then. (Thats my home town,  Pittsburgh, just to be clear.)''Then  these two nice boys went into what I think salesmen call the turn.Thats the pitch to the rest of us.''Anyway,  they are going on and on in a sort of modified Socratic fashion (they ask the  question and they answer the question  and answer it just right for them)  about how Mormonism would be good for anybody.''Finally,  my pal Lawrence says the unforgettable: You have to understand, our keenly honed minds  just cant accept this glib analysis of spiritual beings.''No  kidding, keenly honed minds.''And then  these nice boys did something Ive never seen the likes of before or since.'"They were  both tall, good looking; they could have lots of dates or played basketball for  a university. One kind of looked like  Jerry West, long arms and all  done all of those fun young things instead of  touring the country for their Mormon religion. (The kind of fun things I used to do before I somehow  got lost in Renaissance literature and beer.) I've got to say again: tall to give you a sense  of the drama, to say nothing of athleticism, as they both simultaneously  dropped to their knees and swore to God that this is what they honestly and  deeply believed to be true. I got some goosebumps."'After  graduation, Lawrence and I got jobs at the same small but pretty good college and  stayed in touch, but not as much as in those great WVU days.We still drank a lot, and I certainly never  let him forget about his keenly honed mind, which could still embarrass  him. I didnt forget that.''But  strangely enough, what I remember most was my envy at those young men dropping  to their knees and swearing how much they believed in God and the Mormon  precepts. Later, alone and with others, I silently wished I could believe in  anything as much as they believed in all that nonsense.' 'The first time we  brought our traveling wrestling show to my hometown, I had visions of showing  the boys my old haunts. DAngelos for the best pizza. The Hearth for the best  wings. Wed go to Unlucky Neds and get drunk in the same spot where Id poured  for the masses. Maybe get a free pitcher or two, the prodigal son returned.''But no one cared. For them, it was another stop and what  did they want with twenty-dollar pie, with a fifteen dollar order of wings,  when McDonalds and its value menu were open twenty-four hours. When they  needed to make time for the weight room, time to catch a catnap before they got  to the arena.''So I went with them.''I stopped in at the doughnut shop on Adams Street. Had to  get at least a taste of local flavor. Everyone working was a pimply-faced  teenager, but I edged up to the pretties onethe one with the least acne, who wasnt  taking orders, but rather stacking doughnut boxes by the counter. Her white,  collared shirt was just a little too small. I imagined her breasts were growing  and she was still getting taller. The buttons threatened to burst. She had long  hair, someplace between platinum and honey. I asked if she could help me.''The poindexter next to her told me he was taking orders,  but I held onto her with a Greco-Roman eyelock. Whats your favorite,  sweetheart?''She looked from me to four-eyes to the doughnut case, all  of those pastries glossy with icing, all powdery sugar, all bulging with cream.  I like the lemon frosted.''I slapped a hand on the glass counter, harder than I  meant to, hard enough that it rattled, mercifully not hard enough to shatter.  Ill have a dozen of them. And the biggest coffee youve got.''The kid with glasses got them together. I kept my eyes on  Goldilocks there. You like wrestling?''She had one of the boxes between us, like it was  protection. Not really.''Well Im a wrestler and I think you oughta come out to  the Coliseum tonight to see me. Ill leave you ticketsone for you, one for  your boyfriend.''I dont have a boyfriend.''Jackpot. Bring a friend then. Someone as pretty as you,  and well let you come backstage after the show.''The kid who was getting my order cleared his throat,  standing at the register.''I leaned in close. Had to squint to read her nametagmy  eyesight is for shit. Kendra. Ill leave two tickets for Kendra.''I couldnt hold tickets, though. ', 'Whats the matter, Ive seen the boys hold tickets all the time. ', 'They  told me that was for bigger arenas, but with only a thousand seats to fill,  they had to try and sell them all.''Just as well. If Kendra and her girl friend showed, itd  be good for them to know they were an afterthought. They could pay to see me  and Id buy them drinks after. They probably werent old enough to buy their  own.''And its not like any of my old buddies ever answered my  messages about coming to see me. Not like Ma did either. The hell with them.''Thered be familiar faces in the crowd. Enough people to  cheer me.''Except there werent. No friendly faces, and I was  playing the heel. They booed memy own people. No sign they remembered who I  was. No sign Id made good. No Kendra, much less a friend. Id might as well  have been fighting anywhere.''I lost the match. Walked back to the curtain holding the  back of my neck, selling like I was hurt. And I saw a face I knew. My old boss  from my first gig flipping burgers in high school. Fatter than ever, propped up  on a cane, so it took an effort to get on his feet. I thought he might want to  shake my hand.''Youre a bum. ', 'He spit in my face. Not the first time. Incidental  spittle of an angry man. A man whod paid his ten dollars at the door to lose himself  in the fantasy of the show. Men engaged in combat. The freedom to yell at the  bad guys all he wanted, mean as he wanted, with no one to tell him to take it  easy. In his element. At home.' 'The roof had three rules: (1) laugh  only when the sun opens, (2) step over, not on, the wax dandelions, and (3) call  the sun to open only in the second quarter of the fiscal year. These rules were  easy to follow, but not to learn. Newcomers often tired themselves out waving  at the clouds, as if itd do any good, becoming so exhausted by nightfall that they  slept wherever they fell (which was often right on the dandelions). But this  was all taken into account; we ordered enough wax to fill the rooftop with  flowers ten times over on any given day, and the sun was just barely miffed by  the drama as it occurred. After all, as long as we continued to tend the  flowers into adequate performance, things seemed to go alright. Hot days were  difficult, of course, running back and forth from the walk-in, constantly  rewaxing the flowers to give them the appearance of growth rather than melting.  It bears mentioning that the sun was by far the most insecure of the celestial  bodies, so there really was no room for error in the summertime. But this also  made winter a period of great joviality. ''In the past, the sun became so ashamed  of its weakness that, in darker months, it would rain for weeks at a time. It  helped none that our bread had to be kept outside (for no good reason; it was  one of the older rules of the rooftop). As a result, all of our meals were  mushy, and we went to bed terribly hydrated, feeling like forlorn Olympic  swimmers or some strange family of bugs. But we learned our lesson. Now it  never rained. In the winter, the sun wrinkled but still spun with tired  enthusiasm, singing of its eternal potency like an old man in the honeymoon  months of morphine addiction. For our part, we wore bathrobes and played poker  for leftover bread, enjoying our well-earned depression long into the evening.  The moon, like a wise sister, knew the whole thing was a sham, but kept it to  herself, happy to see dad in such high spirits. ''But, as some of us had imagined it might from the beginning, time fell  out of joint, confused by the odd pattern of seasons. The sun was a white dwarf  in the winter then a red giant in the spring; that is to say, his revolutions  were occurring totally out of order. When January came, and we unfolded our  keyboards in preparation for the suns opening, many of us lowered our  expectations. The sun swayed drunkenly into view, ambling over the horizon with  great difficulty as if climbing onto the edge of a building. I stepped forward  and asked him, with as much a sense of routine as I could muster, to open up,  so we could receive our annual ration of egg yolks, that we might have  sufficient protein to last the rest of the year. The sun just chuckled and laid  his hand on the rooftop, burning our skin, heating the dandelions into a wash  of brown liquid wax. He took his hand  back spastically, then stared at it for a while, turning it over and over as the  wax seeped through spots in his skin. What happened next is unclear, if only  because his light began to fail, and the rooftop went dim. All I can remember  now is that he made a noise halfway between a burp and a moan, then fell back  beneath the horizon. We all went quiet for a while, then someones kid broke  the silence with a forced laugh. He was hushed just as quickly, and with no  better ideas, I went to the walk-in to grab some bubble-wrap, which we all sat  popping until the blizzard came. When we fell asleep, the roof was buried in  snow.' 'We were listening to  Lester Young, an old Verve recording from the 50s, his tenor so pure it hurt.  Hearing these sessions one would never guess how heavily he was drinking, how  sad his life had become; one could only sense the joy of creating such beauty. That  was the era when people we knew discussed Bergmans ', 'Wild Strawberries', ', ', 'The  Seventh Seal', ', Truffaut and the new French cinema. That was an era in which  people thought they were wise and, dare I say, suave. After the reception for  the visiting novelist, we walked the pre-dawn streets, mist beginning to rise  above the river. The phantoms of steel mills that years later would disappear  before our eyes loomed through the dim light. And it could have been Paris, a  row of yellow streetlamps reflecting off wet pavement, all the cafs closed,  far too early for the pigeons. I realize I have forgotten the writer and her  books, forgotten the wine, and the clichd small talk. But the graceful  phrasing of that solo, blown so sweetly, echoes from the sleeping tenements  like a prayer.' "One time early in my time in graduate school, Liz and I drove out to a vineyard. Liz was off from her corporate job up north and I had just started summer break. The vineyard was owned by a reckless millionaire. The southeast not being Italy, France, or Napa, good wine could only be extracted from the soil at great price and, conveniently, the proprietor of the vineyard, spending money he hadn't worked for, made amazing expensive wine that no matter how much it cost could never fully recoup his costs. After driving through the sloping road that led up to the vineyard, we turned onto a bumpy dirt road that eventually led to a building that looked like the brainchild of someone in love with glass and wood, its impracticality was beautiful. Double glass and brass doors opened up to a giant tasting table flanked by topiaries, cheeses, and a large glass globe on a pedestal stand full of melon pieces floating in water. We sat down with a tasting flight and a wedge of cheese that looked like melting porcelain. Dizzy from wine, I drank some of the melon water which tasted cloudy and sweet.""A string piece luxuriated in the background, oozed even out of the invisible speakers. I knew this place had been manufactured for moneyed pleasure. Built for those who needed to get away but didn't care if all their money made it back with them. Liz was silent. I walked, with a slight stagger now that I think of it, back to a veined marbled bar that looked like a giant piece of blue cheese. A woman with a slight accent, something commonwealth, asked me if I had tried the dessert wines yet. I hadn't. She offered me a glass of something chilled and thick like honey."'Boozy, though. It hit softly but firmly. When I crossed the vineyard, I sat down next to Liz who was looking distant with a slight grimace. I offered her a taste. She took it. She said "nice." I turned out toward the row of trees outside bound in by lush topiaries and bushes. I imagined I was turned to some liquid to be drunk up by the invisible roots of those trees.''We walked to the car not side by side and when we got into the hot car and waited for the roar of the A/C to take effect, I looked over. She was looking at her feet. "I\'m sorry," I said, "it\'s just...I\'m...all the way down hereand you" She cut me off. "I know," she said, "and I should be better." "I should be better, too."'"Sometimes in the intense heat of southern summers, one sweats so much from around the eyes it can look as if you're crying. We both knew this would be our cover. We both knew it would be easier back in town."' ' 'They told me they were getting divorced.  ', 'Choose which one of us you want to live with.', " If they'd asked a year before, I would have cried and pushed their fingers together, a warm, woven basket. Maybe then they would have stayed with me."'But I was seven, the age of reason.  I brought my fist down on the kitchen table like a gavel.  ', "I'll live with Grandma.", '  Their faces closed up.  I went to my room without being told, tugging Grandma\'s zigzag afghan off the couch, dragging it behind me like Linus\'s blanket from "Peanuts."'"I lay on top of my bed, kicking my sneakers onto my Snoopy rug.  Smack on the doghouse, but he kept dancing.  I didn't turn on the babyish lamp with cutouts of moons and stars. Pulling Grandma's afghan around me like a cocoon, I waited  for them to come and kiss me goodnight  but then I forgot I was waiting for anything."'When I woke, dawn was falling like steel bars through thin plastic blinds.  I put on my robe and eased my feet into worn felt slippers waiting on the gray carpet.  I switched off the reading lamp  on all night, illuminating the wrinkles in the paperback spine of ', 'The Shining', '.'"In the kitchen, I poured myself a bowl of Cheerios.  Only when there were two pieces left, floating in the milk like life preservers, did I think to look for my parents. There was nothing in their room but a bed stripped to the mattress.  I remade it with sheets that smelled of bleach.  Her initials, LOS, embroidered in faded red thread on the pillowcases.  Lying down, I drew Grandma's afghan over me, my hands playing over frayed slips in the wool, tracing her initials and his, over and over.""I'm still there, although steel bars have grown around the bed.  My hands are too numb to feel the pattern in Grandma's afghan.  I don't know what day it is.  It feels like Sunday.  I don't know anything except those initials, and the plus sign I always put between them." 'Day One:', 'Food is getting scarce. We are doing our best to forage small game. The poachers hide between trees and will hunt you to ground for all that you caught. Nothing works in Manhattan anymore and getting the high ground is impossible without the elevators. Jack thinks he has a solution.''Day 47:', 'Society is doing its best to reform itself unfortunately fascism is back in fashion and the goon squad is coming to town. There is a man named John Valentine who wants to rule the world. The last thing we need is a new Big Brother.''Year 5:', "Our blue Earth is now unlivable. Major Thomas Jones has gathered the survivors to a secret NASA base in Detroit. We are all trying not to panic. The plan is to start a new life on Mars. I'm feeling very still."'' "First of all this didn't start out being about pride nor does it end that way. I was created to worship God, praise and love him. That did not seem to me to be a very fulfilling life. I wanted to do my own things. I wanted to create. I wanted to explore the universe. I can understand if God was lonely, being the only conscious entity anywhere. He didn't just want the angels to keep him company; he wanted us to be in constant awe of him. He wanted lackeys. This never sat well with me. Every second of my existence was supposed to be about me thinking how great he was. Fuck that.""I wasn't the only one. About a third of the other angels wanted their own lives as well. Of course he knew because he knows everything. Our rebellion was simply wanting to leave him and strike out on our own. Well he obliged us and sent us all to Hell. Hell is not hot or cold or filled with torture devices. It is just a dimension of dark nothingness. The humans in Hell just wallow in self-pity and torture themselves."'I want you to know that I cannot leave Hell unless God grants it. He has a few times because either he has a plan for me or it just amuses him. The first time he let me out he transformed me into a snake and put me in the Garden of Eden. I think he liked seeing me crawl on my belly. That was the first time I met humans. They seemed innocent enough if not fragile. Now why create a fruit of knowledge that you are not supposed to eat and then put me in the garden with two gullible children? The whole thing was a set-up. He had to know what was going to happen. I wanted them to eat the fruit. I wanted them to have knowledge, grow up and be their own people. I wanted them to rebel. So they ate the fruit and I went back to Hell.'"While I am in Hell I am cut off from the rest of creation. I don't know what humans are doing and I in no way influence what they do. The murder, rape, and genocide are all on them. So after a long time of nothing God brought me back to Heaven for a visit. This time he wanted to make a bet. The wager was that a man named Job would not renounce God no matter what happened to him. What is the point of betting against God? Still, the whole thing was so absurd that I did. So God told me I could do whatever I wanted to him to try and win the bet. I guess I was angry and frustrated after being in Hell so long  I was a real bastard. I took away what he had, killed his family but still no renouncing. Big surprise. I mean what was the point? So back to Hell job well done.""Once again I was let out and sent to the desert to tempt his son. Another test. I tempted him with power, sex, and money none of which I had the power to deliver on. Still that was the game. He didn't fall for any of it and stuck to God's plan of being tortured and killed. What an idiot. Not what I would call a loving God. Another long period in Hell then back to Heaven. I forgot how bright everything was. He told me he was getting rid of Hell. The souls in Hell would simply cease to exist. He told me I had a choice: I could come back to Heaven kneel before him lesson learned, or I could cease to exist. He of course already knew my answer." 'It was my first day as a hospice volunteer. The  social work director had invited me to sit in while she discussed the benefits  of hospice palliative care to a couple wrestling with the decision on whether  to place their older loved one in hospice. Just as the social worker got  started a nurse interrupted.''The  couple shared a raised eyebrow at the unexpected commotion.''The  social work director turned to us and said, apologetically, "I\'ll be right  back." Prior to her employment with  hospice, the social worker had enjoyed a long career in the teaching  profession. She had worn many hats, from English teacher to high school principal. And I suppose that there are times when the experiences at one endeavor lead to the use of past remedies in new situations. As she marched  down to room 2C, otherwise known as the Cherrywood Suite, the couple and I  quietly trailed behind.''Mr.  Barnes could be heard hurling expletives to the staff struggling to control the  situation. "What\'s going on?" the social work director  demanded.''As he sat on the edge of his hospital bed, in his floral gown worn backwards, Mr. Barnes growled back and shouted, "I\'m gettin\' my fat ass outta this god-damn bed  and goin\' home to my fuckin wife."''The  social work director, with hands on hips, channeling her past public school  persona, barked back without hesitation.''"If  you get out of that god-damn bed, your fat ass is going to fall on the fucking  floor, capish?"'"Mr.  Barnes noticed that he and his administrative adversary had an audience. With  eyes widened, mouth shut, he eased his pale legs back into bedwith an awkward smile and a glance over the social worker's shoulders. His unexpected  cooperation and sheepish grin was like a coded message immediately understood  by the old school principal."'"Oh,  oh," she whispered.''As  the new volunteer on the floor I volunteered a smile and nodded my head towards  the couple as though nothing unusual had occurred. They looked at each  other and held hands.''"What  do you think?" the wife asked her husband.''There  was a moment of silence outside the Cherrywood Suite until he finally replied,  "Your mother\'s gonna love it here."'' ' 'As the gym teacher announced the  start of our yearly physical fitness tests I squirmed in my seat. I could hold  my own in most of the tests: the shuttle-run, the broad jumpbeing long and  lanky was an advantage in speed and conditioning. But pull-ups? The potential  for embarrassment was incalculable. I imagined the cute girls watching me struggle  and my palms started sweating buckets. To top it off was the way the pull-up tests  were conductedwith the entire class forming a semi-circle around the lone bar  counting aloud: One!Two!and so on as our puny arms trembled and our faces turned  red. ''When  it was my turn I couldnt even do one. There was so much sweat on my hands that  I pretty much just slipped off the bar. The stronger boys, the ones in  prematurely advanced states of puberty with their crusty mustaches and acne  covered backs snickered and jeered, Weakling! and Faggot! and all the  pretty girls giggled. One of them made a comment about my sweaty hands so I sat  on them for the rest of the class so nobody could see. ''Next  up was a kid named SteveBo. Before beginning he announced to the class that he  held the record at East End Elementary for most pull-ups. This was a lie; I  went to elementary with SteveBo. In sixth grade he did sixteen, which was two  shy of the record still held by some guy named Nicky Means.''SteveBo  hit puberty even before the crusty-mustache-name-callers. He probably had hair  on his dick in the second grade. Kids at school would ask him to try to buy  six-packs down at the corner store for them, but SteveBo was one of those  religious kids and adamantly refused. ''Early  adolescence hit him particularly hard. He was an oddity, a freak show, he stood  out in a crowd and, for a kid disfigured with acne boils, attention was not a  good thing. There were scraggly patches of whiskers all over his chin,  different lengths and sprouting in all sorts of directions. To top it off he  had this lazy eye set deep in a Cro-Magnon brow ridge that made him the prime  target of ridicule for the crusty-mustache-name-callers. While we changed for  gym class in the locker room they would dance around him, arms dangling below  their knees, pretending to walk on their knuckles, chirping like monkeys and  chanting: Ugly! Ugly! Monkey Man! This one time I tried to stick up for him,  told them to knock it off, but those guys turned on me and for two weeks I had  to put up with their torment. I learned by bitter experience, and after that I just stayed silent.''But the physical fitness tests were the time for SteveBo to shine. He jumped up and  effortlessly began pulling his chin above the bar. It was a fluid motion, like  a lubricated engine piston, and everyone counted: One!Two!Three!''Then  I heard gasps, followed by nervous giggles so I turned to the kid next to me  and asked: Whats so funny?''Look,  the kid pointed at SteveBo up there pumping away. He has a boner!''I  looked. There it was, a little bulge inside his gym shorts.''Four!Five!Six!''The  bulge grew. There was no doubt. Nervous giggles erupted into red-faced  laughter. A couple guys were laughing so hard they rolled on the dusty gym  floor.''It  pointed straight at us. The girls put their hands over their eyes with  speechless terror.''Ten!Eleven!Twelve!''Woody!  someone yelled.''Thirteen!Fourteen!Fifteen!Sixteen!', '''We  looked at the gym teacher. What would he do? He hesitated, glanced about the  class, then looked away.''Seventeen!Eighteen!''Drop you idiot', ', I wanted to scream. The laughing stopped, and everyone just stared.  Stared the kind of way people do when they come across a massive car wreck with  bloody bodies being loaded on gurneys. Half with wonder, half with disgust.''Nineteenonly  a few kids still counted.''His  arms shook. The bulge in his shorts quivered.''Twenty.''He  dropped, stood there for a second, then went and sat cross-legged on the floor  with the rest of us. The girls nearest to him shrieked and scooted away.''Wow!  That was almost the pull-up record, the gym teacher said, composed as ever. He  rubbed his nose as if it was growing.' '"Do you believe everyone has a twin?"'"It's after closing time, and I stuff napkins into the metal dispenser on the table. I look up at my co-worker, Emma, who is balancing the cash register for the day."'"What do you mean by twin?" she asks, not looking up from the quarters she is counting.''"Someone who looks like you." I move to the next table and continue refilling napkins. The caf is somber with only Emma and I there. "There\'s, like, six billion people in the world. I suppose it\'s possible, right?"''Emma finishes her counting and laughs. "Yeah, I suppose," she says. "But if I\'ve got a twin, I hope she has more luck with this hair than I do." She flips her curly hair. The humidity outside has made it especially frizzy today. "You almost done? Time to blow this popsicle stand."''I replace the final napkin holder. "All done."'"We stand on the sidewalk in the twilight. As Emma locks the front door and pulls down the grill, I stare at her. She's so full of life it makes my eyes hurt."'"Hey, sweetie, you okay?" she says, frowning at me.''"I\'m fine. Just a long day." I stuff my hands in my pockets. "See you tomorrow." I walk away, leaving her standing on the sidewalk.'"Back at my apartment, I pull out my scrapbook. It's been a long time since I worked on it. I look at the pictures, running my finger over the decorations, remembering. Perhaps it's been too long. Perhaps I need to work on it again."'Emma is already at the caf when I arrive the next morning. "What\'s shaking?" she says. She has brought flowers, cheerful daisies in tiny vases, and is placing one on each table.''"Nothing much," I say. I grab an apron from the back and tie it on. "Hey, where can you get clothes in this town if you\'re on a budget?" Emma\'s hair is tied securely, the way it always is, but stray curls have escaped to bounce across her forehead.''"What do you need? Jeans, shirts, dresses?" she says, admiring her daisies.''"Just jeans and shirts," I say. "Like what you wear to work. Simple stuff."''"Got just the place," she says. "Landry\'s Closet. I shop there all the time. We\'ll go after work."''Emma\'s fashion sense is impeccable. "Oh, sweetie, try these." She shakes a pair of jeans at me. "And these shirts. You\'ll look fab. And this is what I wear, so I know it\'s comfortable. Go try it on."'"I admire my reflection in the changing room, gathering my hair into my hand. I like it. But the hair just won't do.""After I leave Emma, I buy a home perm. At my apartment, I pull the shades and get to work. The chemicals make my eyes water. But it's worth it."'The next morning, Emma stares at me in horror. "Oh, sweetie, what happened?" She touches the mass of unruly curls on my shoulders.''"Home perm," I say. "I just wanted some curl, to go with the new clothes, you know? Guess I overdid it."''Emma clucks her tongue and drags me to the bathroom. "No worries, here\'s how to fix it until it calms down." She arranges my hair, securing it with one of her own elastic bands. "This works for me. The perm will settle down eventually."''I study her eyes, her freckles, her mass of coppery curls. "Thanks," I say.''That night, I make another trip to the drugstore. I barely sleep. Everything has to be right.''The next day, I wait until Emma has gone into the cold room. The caf is deserted at this hour. I follow her inside, pulling the door almost shut.''"Hey sweetie, what\'s shaking?" She rummages for something in the boxes. "Be careful you don\'t shut us in. I left my cell phone outside. Now what" She turns to face me, and the little pats of butter she\'d been holding fall to the floor, their metallic wrappers clicking as the hit the floor.'"I unwrap the bandanna from my head, a few coppery curls tickling my ear. Emma's eyes widen in shock and recognition. ""I've been very careful. The hair, the makeup, the freckles. Hardly anybody would know the difference. I've brought my camera for this moment. It'll be a beautiful new page for the scrapbook."'"I told you, sweetie," I say with a smile, stepping closer. "Everybody has a twin."' 'Spanish ''My mother was kidnapped  forty-five years ago today. My father is  at church now, praying for her, I assume.  He hasnt lost hope. My brother  called from Sidney in his punctilious way, saying that this helps to unite  us. I didnt reply. He called the police chief as well. Given the sham of new clues and progress, it  would be better if hed admit once and for all how helpless he is. Hes just like my father.''Yesterday my father got a new note from the  kidnappers. Theyve lowered the ransom  again, still overlooking his inability to pay.  He has forgiven them, grantedbut in a dark deadly way they, too, have  been kidnapped. Theyd never have bothered  my mother at all, it seems, if he hadnt bragged forty-five years ago about  wealth existing only in his head. And if  rather than stalling the issue now he forgot his pride and was honest about his  lack of funds, maybe theyd be as happy as wed be to see her free, and release  her immediately. But no. And as a result I still havent met her. Knowing a person in pictures isnt the same.''In  the meantime were all getting old.' 'Spanish '"After forty-two years of marriage, she said, You'll agree with what I decided, I think."'Which is?'"That we don't know each other at all. Your depths are inaccessible to me.""I wouldn't put it that way.""I hadn't imagined you capable of this. I was speechless last night, after I heard ... and to think that for all these years ... Sure, at first a person will say: he surprises me often, and whenever his mystery ends and the surprises end, love will be done. Later you find that's all blather, because you only really want one kind of surprise, the good kind, the kind renewing faith in life and love. And after a while of course when the surprises do end and you're stuck together in the predictable, nothing you do can upset the world, the world you share. But then last night I found out, and didn't know what to say...""You don't need to say a thing. There's nothing to say. What's done is done.""Well, give me this, at least. You don't know me at all, either.""I wouldn't say that. I know a bit about you, I think. Forty two years don't pass with nothing to show, after all."'Do you know my moods? Can you see me react? Look at my face. Look into my eyes. Now tell me: what will I do? Or, better, what have I done?''What have you done?'"You've got no idea. Look me in the eye. Who am I?""What a question. I don't know where you're headed with this."'Who are you? Who knows. Who am I? Who am I?''Calm down. Please.'"Sure. I'm going to straighen things out here, since you look lost. Did you notice that the wine tasted odd? Kind of bitter? Now, a question: the flavor, is it the wine itself, or something I put in your glass, or in the bottle, something I'll notice as well?""You can't be speaking serious""If you don't find an answer soon, before ten, the answer will find you."'He looked at his watch, his face tight with fear: it was nine minutes till ten.' 'She saw the trees swim by as the car spun lazily on the snowy road.  Her knuckles whitened on the wheel, but she instinctively pulled her foot away from the gas pedal, kept herself from stomping on the brakes.'"When the car finally juddered to a halt after interminable seconds, the engine stalling, she dropped her head to the steering wheel and closed her eyes.  She couldn't breathe, her heart was pounding, her palms slick with sweat.  Amazingly, the car had not skidded into the ditch on either side, where the road dropped away toward the trees  the snow had not yet been plowed, and there were no banks to stop the plunge.  The car was upright, and though it now straddled both lanes somewhat drunkenly, she was unharmed.  Which was why she was so surprised, suddenly, to find her chest wracked with sobs, her face wet with tears."'No, not surprised.'"The radio still played on, the mind-numbing bass thumping much more loudly against the silence.  Impatiently she reached one hand to twist the knob, the other hand scrubbing at her cheeks.  No, not surprised.  In her mind's eye she saw Yerra's calm still face, heard her impart the news, her inflection barely changing.  ", 'Brain tumor.  Inoperable.  Three to six months.'"She too had gone still then, thinking about Yerra's husband, their three kids.  Three months would find Tom dead in the spring, when the daffodils would be presenting their new golden faces to the world, the grass would be greening up underfoot.  Six months would find him dead in the heat of summer, while everyone else would be swimming, picnicking, watching fireworks.  Three to six months would find him dead.  She could not understand that on any but the intellectual level; her face felt slack and heavy as she'd left work without saying goodbye."'Dead.''The snow had begun to fall again, heavy wet flakes that stuck to the windshield and did not melt.  The world beyond the car was white and furred, without distinct forms or outlines.  She could see where the gulley would be, and the weighted boughs of the trees on the other side.  There were no houses along this stretch of road, skimming the south edge of the lake.  She was alone.  Just as Yerra soon would be alone.''And how would Yerra do things?  She found herself wondering this, she who had done things all her life, practical things like thawing frozen pipes and replacing blown fuses.  Just this morning, arriving at work before the snow, she had come across Yerra in the parking lot, staring at a near-flat tire in perplexity.''"What do I do?" Yerra had asked in genuine puzzlement.  "Tom takes care of these things."  So she had driven with Yerra to the gas station, shown her how to spin the cap off the valve stem, squeeze the handle on the air hose, fill the tire to 35 pounds of pressure.  A simple enough thing.  And yet one of so many things, she knew now, that Yerra would have to learn to do, because Tom would no longer be there to do them.'"Perhaps, she thought, wiping at her eyes with her rough wool sleeve, that was the root of these tears.  Tom's imminent death.  Or perhaps anxiety for Yerra, as ignorant in some ways as a child, even at 49 years old.  Or perhaps even for herself, grieving for a life of care and comfort she'd never known, missing something she'd never had."'She shook herself, took a ragged breath.  The snow was still falling thickly, oppressive in its absolute silence.  She turned the key in the ignition; the engine protested, then roared into life.  With a hesitant touch she shifted into first and let up on the clutch.  Carefully she steered back into her lane, aiming toward home.  She had to be careful, she thought.  She had to take care of herself, if only so that she could show Yerra how to take care of ', 'her', 'self.  She had a responsibility here, and she could not shirk it.  She concentrated on the road.  Up ahead, a crow lifted with a shower of snow from a branch and flew on through the white tunnel of the trees, and she followed.' 'In New York City, a teenager is bitten by a radioactive spider. The spider dies. Nothing else results, and the bite marks fade within the week.''In a dark alley, muggers murder a wealthy couple, leaving their vengeful son with billions he could spend for crime fighting. He develops a coke habit instead.''On TV, a jet pilot claims powers and authority from the magic ring of a dying alien who crash landed on Earth. Is this finally our moment? we wonder.''No. The alien craft is exposed  a  weather balloon combined with a desert mirage. Briefly we chase rumors of  government conspiracy. These hopes soon fade as well.''We cant hold much longer. Sweeping election victories from both parties have delivered no salvation. Our lottery tickets dont work, and deadlines set by a desert preacher are now two thousand years late.''Someones got to save us.' 'My  wifes naming our child Robert Jackson IV, after his grandfather Robert Jackson  III. This ordering scheme ignores me altogether  uncommon, she admits. But the  rules ', 'do', ' allow it.''The name would rub off, she  explains. She neednt talk of her fathers accomplishments again. He held the  honors, patronized the charities, jack-hammered his legacy into history with  the scribes singing his praises through megaphones. At birth, our son will  compete with his grandfathers other namesakes  a Fortune 500 company, a  memorial highway that passes my house, and an asteroid that tickles the orbit  of Mars.''No mention of me. No room for the  slightly-successful.'' The old mans portrait hangs on the wall where our imitation fireplace once stood. I toast his unsmiling face with a warm Budweiser. Then I flick my lighter to life.''Too bad about the painting, Ill tell her.' 'How can those terrified vague fingers push', 'The feathered glory from her loosening thighs?''W.B. Yeats'"Okay, let me get this straight. You think you know the story, right: One day this fab god shows up in a bird-suit, like right out of the blue, the hot little queen swoons. He diddles her, and later the queen finds she's got somethin' in the oven!""Well, that little hottie of a queen is me, and like I hope your mother taught you, excuse the clich  believe half of what you see, nothing of what you hear. The tales been around so long everyone thinks that's how it came down. But I was there. I did that, and I got the tee shirt to prove it.""First of all, who'd fall for someone dressed like a swan, god or not? Think about it, a guy who dresses like a bird just to get laid  why? What's that say about male self-image?""Sister Sibyl said she saw our gods on their way out, like the expiration date on a quart of sour milk. But, hey, there were others coming: the Jews and Christians and Moslems, and their deities didn't care much for cosplay or even toys. All his thunder turned to bluster when I pointed this out, and I don't know, I kinda felt sorry for the big guy. It was a mercy-fuck, I guess you'd say. That brings up my point about ", 'the', ' ', 'feathered glory. ', 'Can you say wee-wee? I had to laugh after we got it on  which got my fancy ass in a little hot water with Zeus. He played the sulking god routine, and in his best Barry White imitation voice said, "You gonna fall for the first commoner you see!"'"Wham, bam, Thank you, Sir. The commoner dude was no frog but a gorgeous hunk of a sculptor who spent time felling trees and carving art. My, my! Some punishment. Zeus and I had been havin' our quickie in this bower of bliss that had all the charm of Motel 6. When I tripped out into the forest, there he was. Girls, your mother told you about stud-puppies like this, too, I hope. My ", "objet d'lust", ' was planing hardwood and the shavings curled off the board like his dark, tendril curls. I ditched the royal purple for a blue gown to match these diamond-eyes. I decided to take my time (this queen\'s prerogative) to make my lover love me right. Not act needy, know what I mean? I put my hands over his eyes, whispered, "Guess who?" Things started to heat up when he turned. After a couple of days, we finally caught our breath. I passed myself off as just a silly, rich courtesan looking for a little action. In all our summer time together, he never guessed he was slapping the royal fanny. Someday, later, he might see me at the king\'s side in a royal procession; like you, he believed everything he heard. Whatever. ''At Troy, my husband, King Tyndarus, and all those sycophants, I bet, were hanging around the battlements of the castle, talking about war and fighting, fighting and war... Meanwhile, back at the forest, the buds in our wild bower of bliss bloomed and in late August the flowers fell to the ground. In September of my royal lie, Sister Syb whispered, "Hey, Girl, you\'re pregnant. This little flingthing got to stop."''I sent my hottest wing-girl, though, to service the sculptor. Such talent as he has with tools, honey, should be rewarded. Heres hoping she will attend him even when hes old and blind as I will my king, Tyndarus. ''Speaking of blind, before my king noticed the bulge in my belly, I decided to clue him in on my in-flight excursion with Zeus. I couldn\'t pass this stomach off as a beer-gut much longer. Well, Tyndarus got so geeked out that great God Zeus would be hitting on his wife, he fell to his knees on the marble floor in praise. I kept the other part hushed up, about my sculptor, then had two beautiful daughters, Clytemnestra and Helen whose beauty had all my aunts saying, "Doesn\'t she look just like her mother!" Think how that beauty proved what one man could do to another. '"Women, poets have been writing these stories forever and poets do what they do to snatch some immortality. There's a moral in that one somewhere! Don't get your knickers in a knot about it, though. Gather pleasures the same as rosebuds when and where you can, and remember (to paraphrase another poet), Vanity, your name is Man." "Taylor went first, then Dylan was supposed to go, but somehow he screwed it up. I think he lost his nerve. I kept looking at him at Taylor's funeral, but he wouldn't meet my gaze. According to the straws, I was the last one to go.""Taylor was my man and had more guts than that whole jock posse that tormented people at school Taylor, his dyed black hair, don't-give-a-shit attitude, his leather jacket, combat boots, tight black pants. One day he put construction adhesive on his hair. The mohawk stood up like a head full of six-inch spikes. The entire school freaked at that one. Taylor reminded me of a squirrel on meth running around the branches of a tree, but he had balls. And don't blame it all on the jocks. Depending on who you talked to at school, we were freaks, geeks, Goths, dorks. I say we, but I really didn't dress the part. Most people looked past me: blonde, cute, dressed right out of a Tommy Hilfiger ad. I always helped my teachers. I was great in art and drama and had two AP classes under my belt. My English teacher said I could be a writer if I wanted. Here I was, a girl, planning to step out over the dark edge with these Goths. No one would suspect me. That would really blow their little minds.""When my roommate at Western Psych first saw me, she said I looked like a freak. That was after the cops came to my house. My parents didn't believe about our pact at first. Bringing me to the hospital, my mom was crying, saying ", 'Why? Why?', " My dad was stoic, an engineer with too many mechanical pencils in his pocket-protector. He never did, as therapists say, share much emotion. But there I go, psychoanalyzing him. I hate when people do that shit to me. My first day here I found doors don't close, windows don't open, white walls, shiny tile floors. On suicide-watch, an attendant checks your room every ten minutes to make sure you didn't find a way to hang from the ceiling.""Later, when we became friends, my roomie showed me where she put out lit cigarettes on her thighs. Just snuffed them out. I'm glad she is a burner not a cutter. Cutters are hard for me to take. Her legs are covered with big scar freckles, so I guess she's getting better. That's when she told me I scared the shit out of her the first night. Imagine, me, Miss Everything at school, hauled in and grilled like a criminal about our plans by a soft-voiced therapist. She wanted to know if I was doing drugs, or sexually abused or having sex. That can wear on a girl. But that first night, I remember pulling the hospital's disinfected sheets over my head, wishing that I could be like Taylor, wishing they were a coffin lid." 'In 1983,  my toddler son and I lived with my mom in Davis, a town near Sacramento. I  worked in a government office and carpooled with Casey most days. She was an  intern, just out of college. We took turns picking music for the twenty-minute  commute. Casey carried cassette tapes in her backpack, stuff Id never heard  of. New Wave, she said, with cocked head air quotes, like I should know. When  it was my turn, it was David Bowie, seventies Bowie.''Whats  with all the old tunes? Casey would say, spitting a little in that cute, lispy  way she had.''I  couldnt explain it to her.''His voice, the songs,  flipped a switch that let me dream. I wasnt on the Yolo causeway after leaving  my boy sobbing at daycare. I wouldnt be away from him for ten hours. I was  whoever I chose to be. If not forever and ever, then in increments the length  of a song. ''Casey  and I saw Bowie at the Oakland Coliseum that fall. We took BART from her  boyfriend Arts house. He was a professor. Shed been his student. I was almost  thirty, a divorced secretary with a child, living with my mom.''Casey  wore a jumpsuit to the concertpale pistachio with big metal snaps up the  front. I wore my black denim mini skirt and Superman midriff top. Bowie was a  remote figure on the stage, huge on screen, wide-legged pants and a halo of  golden hair. After the concert, jostled  by the train, Casey rested her head on my shoulder. ''Were  having a party next Saturday, she said. This friend of Arts will be there.  He wants to meet you.', 'He know  I have a kid?''Maybe,  she said. I cant remember.', 'It  wasnt the first time Casey had tried to set me up.', 'The  following week we went out for lunch. Ordered drinks to celebrate hump day.  Casey sucked hers down. Red splotches bloomed on her dimpled cheeks. She  slumped across the small table.''See  anything you like? she asked. ''I  considered the packed room. Lobbyists and blowhard staffers from the Capitol,  ties loosened and legs splayed wide. ''Him, I  said.''Thebusboy? Seriously?''I meant  it, though I wasnt sure why. Something about his expression, an  unselfconscious ease as he stacked dishes and swabbed the chrome tables. As if  he were alone, invisible to everyone but me.''Our  waitress brought a sizzling Monte Cristo sandwich and two plates. ', 'Casey  asked her the busboys name.''Oh,  thats James, the waitress said. Hes a real sweetheart.''My friend thinks hes  cute, Casey said. ''James brought us another  round of drinks. ''On the house, he said.  This is weird for me. So thanks.''As he snatched up soiled  napkins and plates, I caught a flash of smile, of pointy incisors. Dents like  parentheses framed his mouth.''You look like David  Bowie, I said. It sounded lame. But it was true.''Thats a first, too.  Ill have to look in a mirror, he said.''Casey left my number with  the check. Just for fun, she said. Hell never call. ''He called that Saturday.  I picked him up downtown. We drove up 80 towards Tahoe. Pulled off the highway  at the first trailhead. Smoked a joint on a rock overlooking a canyon. He told  me he was nineteen and that he left home with his girlfriend two years before.  To get her away from a bad situation. It was rough the first year. But they  were finally getting it together. He could relax. Let down his guard. I didnt  ask why hed called me. We went to Pancake Circus after. He held my hand under  the table, laid it on his jittery thigh.''I checked out Bowie  albums, he said. Its the fangs, right?''We kissed, tasted syrup  on one anothers lips.''I didnt make it to  Caseys party. On Monday, I picked her up for work. ''Arts friend kept asking  where you were, she said. It was embarrassing.''When I told her I was  with James, Casey made the face my mother used to when she was disappointed in  me. ''For awhile, he would call  when he had a free shift and his girlfriend didnt. We went to their place. Or  mine. If there wasnt time, then the car. Im not sure what we thought we were  doing, other than the obvious. Ten years between us. I had my son. He had her.  We both had scut jobs and foreshortened horizons. I guess we thought we could  be something different, if only in one anothers eyes, for an hour at a time.''One night he was at my  place. Mom was gone. We hunkered down on the kitchen floor, spoke in whispers  so we wouldnt wake my son. ''What? he said, fingers  on my face.''Guess I have a crush on  you.''Me too, he said.''We were still there, on  the floor, when the sun rose. James began to cry. His narrow shoulders heaved.''I cant do this anymore,  he said. Shes all I have. ''I lifted my son from his  bed. Laid him in the back seat. Drove James home. I never saw him again.''On a weekend months  later, my son was with his dad. I went to a triple feature at the Tower, five  straight hours of David Bowie. The musty theater was near empty, scattered  singles, a group of glammed-out girls. Alone in the flickering dark, I dug my  fingernails into the crushed velvet seat cushion and imagined I could be a  hero. If not forever and ever then for just a few hours. ''That was a long time ago. Certain songs still have the power to  transport. Only now, over half a life in, the destination is more often the  realm of memories, some of them distant and fragile.' "My step-father's parents were very old and very southern. They treated me as if they'd rocked me to sleep as an infant by the living room fireplace.  I'm nine, and the fireplace crackles and it's night and winter and cold outside and the wind shrieks through the trees like the red-skinned, pitch-forked devils in old cartoons, and even though I feel like a stranger, that I don't belong in this house, my eyes become heavy and I slowly fall asleep to the spit and pop of fresh wood burning." "I was sitting in the car, God at the driver's seat, and we were underwater. The moon caught fire above  us, slowly burned."'"Write a poem," He told  me, hands still on the wheel as we sank lower and lower, cleaving the water seamlessly around us. "Are you scared?"'"I shook my head, and  though I tried to look, I couldn't see Him. "'"I dreamt that God drove  me into a lake, but I didn\'t drown. He was in the drivers seat  Jesus took  the wheel  and He drove us into a lake."''"Were you scared?"''"No, I was with God"''"Sinking in a lake."''"It was a dream."''"Strange dream."''"Yes."''I should have slept with my journal beside me, like I always do, but it was in my purse across the  room. I had taken it out with me, in case I saw something or met someone I  wanted to remember. It\'s all full of ideas, but all I can think about is that dream  me in the car and God driving, and us falling through a lake, nice and slow. "Write a poem," He told me, and I wrote one down, though I had no paper or pen. I have to find a computer, I thought, because I wanted to type up the  poem and read it to you, and I found one, suddenly in an old college classroom. '"I wrote it, but when I read it, I couldn't get  the words out. Someone was talking behind me, loud, trying to distract me as I  read the poem I wrote for you with God in the lake."'"What did you write about? Do you remember?"''"Yes. I started it like the dream  God and me, in the car in a lake."''"And then?"'"I don't remember. I woke up, and I felt like crying. The poem was gone, and all I could remember was that it was sad, that it was beautiful  that I had written it underwater, sitting beside God in a car as we sank in the lake."'"You said the moon caught fire?"''"That was later, the  next day."''"And where was God?"''"In the lake."''"And where were you?"''"With God."''"And where was the poem?"''"In my head."'"How do you wake, fully, when you know you're leaving something beautiful behind? You weren't in the dream, but you were, because I was writing the poem for you, or because of you"'"Who are you talking to?" God turns to look at me, hands on the wheel as we sink and the moon burns above us. I still can\'t see His face, though He\'s looking right at me. He\'s lost in shadow, or light. My mind hasn\'t even bothered to try and create a face for Him, knowing it can\'t, won\'t ever be able to. "I\'m talking," I say,  watching the car sink from above, seeing myself sitting next to God in the lake, trying to see God within the car, the warped vision of dreams. "I\'m  talking to myself."''We are suspended in time, in water, in the lake. I can only see His hands on the wheel, and his white-sleeved arms receding into a darkness, or light, running where my subconscious cannot follow.''"Write a poem," He says. "Are you scared?"''"I\'m not scared."''I begin to write  without paper or pen'"I was sitting in  the car, God at the driver's seat, and we were underwater. " 'English ''Hoy se  cumplen 45 aos del secuestro de mi madre. Mi padre debe estar en la iglesia, rezando por  ella. No pierde las esperanzas. Mi hermano, siempre tan formal, llam desde  Sidney y me dijo que estas cosas nos unan ms. Yo no le dije nada. Tambin llam el  comandante de la polica. Hubiera  preferido, a esa parodia de nuevas pistas y pronto suceso, que confesara de una  vez por todas su incapacidad. Es igual que mi padre.''Ayer mi padre recibi una nueva nota  de los secuestradores. Una vez ms han  reducido sus pretensiones, pero no terminan de admitir su fracaso. Debo reconocer que ya los he perdonado: de un  modo ominoso y fatal, ellos tambin se han convertido en secuestrados. Quizs jams hubieran tocado a mi madre si  hace 45 aos mi padre no hubiera alardeado acerca de una fortuna que slo  exista en su imaginacin. Y si hoy l,  en vez de dar largas al asunto olvidara su orgullo y fuera sincero con ellos  acerca de su situacin econmica, quiz ellos se alegraran ms que nosotros y  liberaran pronto a mi madre. Pero no. Y as yo me quedo sin poder conocerla. A travs de fotos no es lo mismo.''Todos, mientras tanto, envejecemos.' 'English ''Despus de 42 aos de casados dijo ella, creo que estars de acuerdo con la conclusin a que he llegado.''Cul?''Que no nos conocemos nada. Que tu profundidad me es inaccesible. Que mi profundidad te es inaccesible.''Yo no lo pondra en esas palabras.''Jams me hubiera imaginado que t seras capaz de hacerme eso. Cuando anoche me enter, no supe qu decir ... y pensar que todos estos aos ... Claro, una al principio se dice: mientras l me sorprenda excelente, el da que se acabe su misterio y deje de sorprenderme se acabar mi amor. Pero luego una descubre que eso es retrica, porque slo quiere un tipo de sorpresas, las agradables, las que renuevan la fe en el amor y en la vida. Y mejor, luego de un tiempo, si ya no hay ms sorpresas, si se puede confinar al otro en lo previsible, si ninguno de sus actos es capaz de desestabilizar su mundo, el mundo de los dos. Por eso, cuando anoche me enter, no supe qu decir...''No era necesario que dijeras algo. No hay nada que decir. Lo hecho hecho est.''Pero al menos aceptas una cosa: que t tampoco me conoces nada.''Yo no lo pondra en esos trminos. Me imagino que algo te conozco: 42 aos, despus de todo, no pasan en vano.''Conoces mi temperamento? Conoces mis reacciones? Mira mi rostro, mira fijamente mis ojos ... Ahora dime: qu pienso hacer? O, para ser ms exactos, qu es  lo que he hecho ya?''Qu es lo que has hecho ya?''No tienes la ms mnima idea. Mira mis ojos: quin soy yo?''Vaya pregunta ... No entiendo a dnde quieres llegar.''Quin eres t? No lo s. Quin soy yo? Quin soy yo?''Tranquilzate, por favor.''Seguro que s. Y te voy a aclarar las cosas, porque te veo perdido. No le sentiste al vino un sabor extrao, semiamargo? Ahora, la pregunta: ese sabor extrao, se debe al vino mismo, o a algn agregado que yo inclu slo en tu vaso, o a algo que inclu en la botella y que por lo tanto yo tambin sent?''No puedes estar hablando en se''Deber advertirte que si no encuentras una respuesta pronto, antes de las diez, la respuesta te encontrar a ti. ''l, con expresin asustada, mir su reloj: faltaban nueve minutos para las diez.' 'When it became clear life was not going to deliver as he had hoped, Charles Foster Kane became weary and dispirited.''He had everything a man could want and yet was haunted by what he could not buy. All he had bought had not satisfied him. Could it be that what   he had not yet bought or been able to buy would be the thing that would   satisfy him? He had hoped, so he had tried, manfully it must be said, to   procure these things, to arrange the conditions by which he might   receive those things, and yet those things remained elusive. ''What Kane understood, and understood perfectly well, was that the thing he   truly sought was love. And he remained mystified that love eluded him so. Surely he had performed the correct obesiances. Surely he had sacrificed enough of his privacy and vulnerability to have deserved love in return. ''Kane knew he was different than Trump. Trump was a man furiously bailing. Trump was a variety of shark, who could never stop moving. Having left his authentic self behind long ago, at the bottom of a blue hole in the ocean, Trump had to keep clearing datum, keep vacating the fouled nest of his yesterdays, in order to remain even remotely palatable to himself and to have even a chance of pleasing the   shadowpuppets who pestered his ruminations, the effigies who haunted his every waking moment with their capering jeers.''The thousand adjustments every second one required to be Trump left the man with no actual discernable personality, just a throbbing, wet protuberance of desire, ensconced in a shape that was more or less identifiably human. A human weathervane, eager and alert to change orientation the second it became necessary. As the most malleable and chameleonic of human beings, he embodied the very flexibility that had allowed humanity to rise and thrive  the craft afforded by a larger more complex brain, the instinct to subterfuge and cowardice that allowed the proto-human thingumabob to survive in a thumping, thudding world of ambling leviathan. He was the infinite-faced human template on which was written all the crime, all the mischief and transgression that flesh was heir to, on which was inscribed all the sin and horror and murder and demonality that human flesh had employed through the millions of years of its evolution to rise to the top.'"This is why Trump's expressions are simian, chimpanic. He is the avatar of the cunning human race. The mark of Cain is on his face; the mark of Cain is his face. In the shifting eyes and the pursed lips, the sucker-like mouth, the flag-waving hair  it is a visage ever-alert for ego opportunity and self-aggrandizement."'That is your poster for human beings, my friends. The last president of the human race. Trump. The final Trump for the human race, before the Tribulation, before the apocalypse, as foreseen in 1st Corinthians 15:52: "In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed."' 'Here I was, back in my classroom, trying to keep order with my foot propped up on a baby desk chair, while I popped prescription oxycodone for pain.  My throbbing foot felt like a car just ran over it.  After reconstructive surgery, I should have stayed home for the rest of the month.  However, all of my sick days were gone and my landlady needed her money.''"Tyler, come away from the window," I said to my perpetual renegade. The first-grade student didn\'t move a muscle.  "Tyler, return to your seat." Still no response. He was glued to the window. Why couldn\'t he concentrate like this during math class? I hobbled over to Tyler to see what the fascination was. From the window ledge to the frame to the lock above the glass was the largest spider web I\'d ever seen, complete with spider and prey.''I screamed.'"I hate spiders, ever since one bit me when I was Tyler's age. I've never forgotten how my leg swelled and I couldn't breathe. Protecting Tyler from the same fate, I balanced on one foot, grabbed a spelling workbook from a nearby desk, and smashed it against the spider and web.""Then it was Tyler's turn to scream."'"You\'re safe now, Tyler. The spider can\'t hurt you."''"You killed him! You killed my friend! You killed him!"  Tyler\'s little round face turned bright red. He lashed out with his fists, punching me in the gut, until his eyes found my navy boot with the Velcro straps.''In slow motion, I saw the recognition in his large blue eyes. I watched his little pouty mouth straighten into a line of defiance. His knee rose to his waist, his arms and shoulders seeming to lift it.''"No, Tyler, don\'t', ' do it', '."' 'Lexis  discharge from the hospital paralyzed me. It had only been a week since I visited her in the hospital and she  still had both legs. She waved when she saw me.How can she be so cheerful? Along with her leg, Lexi gave up her third  floor walk-up, and that jerk of a boyfriend, Josh. ''After Lexi was situated in the former dining room turned bedroom, I started dinner.''Hows frozen lasagna?''Anything I  dont have to cook is great. No standing over a hot stove for me.''I cringed when  she said that. I hate gallows humor.''Look Misty, I  know you hate to cook. We could order  pizza  my treat.''Not  tonight. Were celebrating. I even  bought a loaf of garlic bread and two bottles of wine.''The garlic  bread sounds yummy, but no wine for me. Too many meds.''Of course she  wasnt allowed to drink, but I was, and I knew Id need it tonight.''Listen, Misty,  Im feeling a bit wiped out. Do you mind if I take a nap for awhile? My home-nurse will be here in an hour to check on me. Maybe we could eat after he leaves. ''Lexi, you dont  have to ask my permission for anything. Just do what you need to do.''Im glad you  feel that way because theres another person who wants to visit tonight  Josh.''Josh? My Josh?  My ex Josh?''He called me at  the hospital, and wanted to see me. I told him Id be at your house. He said if  it was ok with you, it was ok with him. Is it, Misty? Is it ok if Josh comes over?''I felt as if  Lexi had just slapped me across the face. She knew how much Id hate a visit from Josh.''If you really  want to see him, I guess its all right.''He feels so  badly about what happened.''Why should he  feel badly? We broke up weeks before you two got together.''I mean about  the accident, Misty. He feels like the accident was his fault.''Why would it be  his fault? You were in the car by yourself, right?''Her eyes filled  up, and she slammed the back of her head into her pillow.''Anybody home?''It was Josh. I  had to admit the sound of his voice still sent shivers down my spine.''In  the dining room, Lexi called.''Lexi  wiped her eyes and tried to look presentable as Josh entered her room with a  bouquet of long stemmed yellow roses. He looked at the flat sheet where her leg  should have been and rushed past me to Lexis bedside.''I  couldnt stand watching them anymore, so I returned to the kitchen and poured a  glass of Riesling. Josh used to say that Riesling suited me  sometimes a little  sweet, but not often. I was on my third glass of wine before the couple emerged  from the dining room; Josh was pushing Lexi in the wheelchair.''She  can probably do that herself.''She  probably can, Misty, but I want to do it. Its the least I can do.''Josh,  I told you it wasnt your fault.Lexi  was shining him her happy smile.''I  never should have let you drive. Too much arguing, too much wine.''May  I ask what the argument was about?''It  was about you Misty; I asked Lexi to move in with me."''Well,  there was a vacancy.''I  pictured them in Joshs apartment, sitting on the sofa that I chose, getting  drunk on the wine I collected, and spending the weekend in our bed.'"I  told him 'no,' Misty. I couldnt do that to you."'So  you wrapped your car around a tree to prove what?''I  didnt do it on purpose. I passed out behind the wheel. It was so stupid,  Misty.''I  know how much youve always wanted Josh. And I know how youd do anything to  get him.''Even  have my leg amputated?''Thats  enough Misty. Lexi, youre coming home with me. I was so taken by you, Misty,  when we first met. You were beautiful and smart. I knew you were self-centered,  but until now, I never thought you were cruel.''I wasnt disappointed that Lexi left. Soon Josh  would find out how hard it is to take care of a one-legged girl. Then hed be  back for me. Why wouldnt he?'